README.md, before:

# Awesome Incremental Learning / Lifelong learning
## Survey
- <a name="todo"></a> Class-incremental learning: survey and performance evaluation (**arXiv 2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.15277)]
- <a name="todo"></a> A Comprehensive Study of Class Incremental Learning Algorithms for Visual Tasks (**arXiv 2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01844.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual learning: A comparative study on how
to defy forgetting in classification tasks (**arXiv 2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08383.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Lifelong Learning with Neural Networks: A Review
 (**Neural Networks**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.07569)]
## Papers
### 2020
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning for Natural Language Generation in Task-oriented Dialog Systems(**EMNLP, 2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.00910)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning of a Mixed Sequence of Similar and Dissimilar Tasks (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2020/file/d7488039246a405baf6a7cbc3613a56f-Paper.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/ZixuanKe/CAT)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Meta-Consolidation for Continual Learning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.00352?context=cs)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Understanding the Role of Training Regimes in Continual Learning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06958.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning with Node-Importance based Adaptive Group Sparse Regularization (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.13726.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Online Fast Adaptation and Knowledge Accumulation (OSAKA): a New Approach to Continual Learning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05856.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Coresets via Bilevel Optimization for Continual Learning and Streaming (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03875.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> RATT: Recurrent Attention to Transient Tasks for Continual Image Captioning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06271.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Deep Learning by Functional Regularisation of Memorable Past (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.14070.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Dark Experience for General Continual Learning: a Strong, Simple Baseline (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.07211.pdf)]  [[code](https://github.com/aimagelab/mammoth)]
- <a name="todo"></a> GAN Memory with No Forgetting (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.07543.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Calibrating CNNs for Lifelong Learning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](http://people.ee.duke.edu/~lcarin/Final_Calibration_Incremental_Learning_NeurIPS_2020.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> ADER: Adaptively Distilled Exemplar Replay Towards Continual Learning for Session-based Recommendation(**RecSys, 2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.12000)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Initial Classifier Weights Replay for Memoryless Class Incremental Learning (**BMVC2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13710.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Adversarial Continual Learning (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.09553)]  [[code](https://github.com/facebookresearch/Adversarial-Continual-Learning)]
- <a name="todo"></a> REMIND Your Neural Network to Prevent Catastrophic Forgetting (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123530460.pdf)]  [[code](https://github.com/tyler-hayes/REMIND)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Meta-Learning via Indirect Discriminant Alignment (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.04162)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Memory-Efficient Incremental Learning Through Feature Adaptation (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.00713)]
- <a name="todo"></a> PODNet: Pooled Outputs Distillation for Small-Tasks Incremental Learning (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.13513)] [[code](https://github.com/arthurdouillard/incremental_learning.pytorch)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Reparameterizing Convolutions for Incremental Multi-Task Learning Without Task Interference (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.12540)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning latent representions across multiple data domains using Lifelong VAEGAN (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.10221)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Online Continual Learning under Extreme Memory Constraints    (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.01510)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Class-Incremental Domain Adaptation (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.01389)]
- <a name="todo"></a> More Classifiers, Less Forgetting: A Generic Multi-classifier Paradigm for Incremental Learning (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](http://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123710698.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Piggyback GAN: Efficient Lifelong Learning for Image Conditioned Generation (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123660392.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> GDumb: A Simple Approach that Questions Our Progress in Continual Learning     (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~tvg/publications/2020/gdumb.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Imbalanced Continual Learning with Partitioning Reservoir Sampling     (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](http://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123580409.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Topology-Preserving Class-Incremental Learning (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](http://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123640256.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> GraphSAIL: Graph Structure Aware Incremental Learning for Recommender Systems (**CIKM2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.13517)]
- <a name="todo"></a> OvA-INN: Continual Learning with Invertible Neural Networks (**IJCNN2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.13772)]
- <a name="todo"></a> XtarNet: Learning to Extract Task-Adaptive Representation
for Incremental Few-Shot Learning (**ICLM2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08561.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Optimal Continual Learning has Perfect Memory and is NP-HARD (**ICML2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05188.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Neural Topic Modeling with Continual Lifelong Learning (**ICML2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.10909.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Semantic Drift Compensation for Class-Incremental Learning (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00440.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/yulu0724/SDC-IL)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.10956.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Modeling the Background for Incremental Learning in Semantic Segmentation (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00718.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Few-Shot Object Detection (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04668.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Learning In Online Scenario (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.13191.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Maintaining Discrimination and Fairness in Class Incremental Learning (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07053.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Conditional Channel Gated Networks for Task-Aware Continual Learning (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00070.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning with Extended Kronecker-factored Approximate Curvature
 (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07507)]
- <a name="todo"></a> iTAML : An Incremental Task-Agnostic Meta-learning Approach (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.11652.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/brjathu/iTAML)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Mnemonics Training: Multi-Class Incremental Learning without Forgetting (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10211.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/yaoyao-liu/mnemonics)]
- <a name="todo"></a> ScaIL: Classifier Weights Scaling for Class Incremental Learning (**WACV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.05755)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Accepted papers(**ICLR2020**) [[paper](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17s5Y8N9dypH-59tuwKaCp80NYBxTmtT6V-zOFlsH-SA/edit?usp=sharing)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Brain-inspired replay for continual learning with artificial neural networks (**Natrue Communications 2020**) [[paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-17866-2)] [[code](https://github.com/GMvandeVen/brain-inspired-replay)]
### 2019
- <a name="todo"></a> Compacting, Picking and Growing for Unforgetting Continual Learning (**NeurIPS2019**)[[paper](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/9518-compacting-picking-and-growing-for-unforgetting-continual-learning.pdf)][[code](https://github.com/ivclab/CPG)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Increasingly Packing Multiple Facial-Informatics Modules in A Unified Deep-Learning Model via Lifelong Learning (**ICMR2019**) [[paper](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3323873.3325053)][[code](https://github.com/ivclab/PAE)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Towards Training Recurrent Neural Networks for Lifelong Learning (**Neural Computation 2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.07017.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> IL2M: Class Incremental Learning With Dual Memory
 (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ICCV_2019/papers/Belouadah_IL2M_Class_Incremental_Learning_With_Dual_Memory_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Learning Using Conditional Adversarial Networks
 (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ICCV_2019/html/Xiang_Incremental_Learning_Using_Conditional_Adversarial_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.html)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Adaptive Deep Models for Incremental Learning: Considering Capacity Scalability and Sustainability (**KDD2019**) [[paper](http://www.lamda.nju.edu.cn/yangy/KDD19.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Random Path Selection for Incremental Learning (**NeurIPS2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01120.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Online Continual Learning with Maximal Interfered Retrieval (**NeurIPS2019**) [[paper](http://papers.neurips.cc/paper/9357-online-continual-learning-with-maximal-interfered-retrieval)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting with Unlabeled Data in the Wild (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12648.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning by Asymmetric Loss Approximation
with Single-Side Overestimation (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02984.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Lifelong GAN: Continual Learning for Conditional Image Generation (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10107.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual learning of context-dependent processing in neural networks (**Nature Machine Intelligence 2019**) [[paper](https://rdcu.be/bOaa3)] [[code](https://github.com/beijixiong3510/OWM)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Large Scale Incremental Learning (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.13260)] [[code](https://github.com/wuyuebupt/LargeScaleIncrementalLearning)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning a Unified Classifier Incrementally via Rebalancing (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Hou_Learning_a_Unified_Classifier_Incrementally_via_Rebalancing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/hshustc/CVPR19_Incremental_Learning)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning Without Memorizing (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08051.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning to Remember: A Synaptic Plasticity Driven Framework for Continual Learning (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.03137)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Task-Free Continual Learning (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.03596.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learn to Grow: A Continual Structure Learning Framework for Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting (**ICML2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.00310)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Efficient Lifelong Learning with A-GEM (**ICLR2019**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=Hkf2_sC5FX)] [[code](https://github.com/facebookresearch/agem)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning to Learn without Forgetting By Maximizing Transfer and Minimizing Interference (**ICLR2019**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=B1gTShAct7)] [[code](https://github.com/mattriemer/mer)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting via Model Adaptation (**ICLR2019**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=ryGvcoA5YX)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> A comprehensive, application-oriented study of catastrophic forgetting in DNNs (**ICLR2019**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=BkloRs0qK7)] 

### 2018
- <a name="todo"></a> Memory Replay GANs: learning to generate images from new categories without forgetting
 (**NIPS2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1809.02058)] [[code](https://github.com/WuChenshen/MeRGAN)]
 - <a name="todo"></a> Reinforced Continual Learning (**NIPS2018**) [[paper](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/7369-reinforced-continual-learning.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/xujinfan/Reinforced-Continual-Learning)]
 - <a name="todo"></a> Online Structured Laplace Approximations for Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting (**NIPS2018**) [[paper](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/7631-online-structured-laplace-approximations-for-overcoming-catastrophic-forgetting.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Rotate your Networks: Better Weight Consolidation and Less Catastrophic Forgetting (R-EWC) (**ICPR2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.02950)] [[code](https://github.com/xialeiliu/RotateNetworks)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Exemplar-Supported Generative Reproduction for Class Incremental Learning  (**BMVC2018**) [[paper](http://bmvc2018.org/contents/papers/0325.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/TonyPod/ESGR)]
- <a name="todo"></a> End-to-End Incremental Learning (**ECCV2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.09536)][[code](https://github.com/fmcp/EndToEndIncrementalLearning)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Riemannian Walk for Incremental Learning: Understanding Forgetting and Intransigence (**ECCV2018**)[[paper](http://arxiv-export-lb.library.cornell.edu/abs/1801.10112)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Piggyback: Adapting a Single Network to Multiple Tasks by Learning to Mask Weights (**ECCV2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.06519)] [[code](https://github.com/arunmallya/piggyback)]
 - <a name="todo"></a> Memory Aware Synapses: Learning what (not) to forget (**ECCV2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.09601)] [[code](https://github.com/rahafaljundi/MAS-Memory-Aware-Synapses)]
  - <a name="todo"></a> Lifelong Learning via Progressive Distillation and Retrospection (**ECCV2018**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ECCV_2018/papers/Saihui_Hou_Progressive_Lifelong_Learning_ECCV_2018_paper.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> PackNet: Adding Multiple Tasks to a Single Network by Iterative Pruning (**CVPR2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.05769)] [[code](https://github.com/arunmallya/packnet)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting with Hard Attention to the Task (**ICML2018**) [[paper](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v80/serra18a.html)] [[code](https://github.com/joansj/hat)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Lifelong Learning with Dynamically Expandable Networks (**ICLR2018**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=Sk7KsfW0-)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> FearNet: Brain-Inspired Model for Incremental Learning (**ICLR2018**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=SJ1Xmf-Rb)] 

### 2017
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Learning of Object Detectors Without Catastrophic Forgetting
 (**ICCV2017**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_iccv_2017/html/Shmelkov_Incremental_Learning_of_ICCV_2017_paper.html)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks (EWC) (**PNAS2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.00796)] [[code](https://github.com/ariseff/overcoming-catastrophic)] [[code](https://github.com/stokesj/EWC)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning Through Synaptic Intelligence (**ICML2017**) [[paper](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v70/zenke17a.html)] [[code](https://github.com/ganguli-lab/pathint)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Gradient Episodic Memory for Continual Learning (**NIPS2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.08840)] [[code](https://github.com/facebookresearch/GradientEpisodicMemory)]
- <a name="todo"></a> iCaRL: Incremental Classifier and Representation Learning (**CVPR2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.07725)] [[code](https://github.com/srebuffi/iCaRL)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning with Deep Generative Replay (**NIPS2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1705.08690)] [[code](https://github.com/kuc2477/pytorch-deep-generative-replay)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting by Incremental Moment Matching (**NIPS2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.08475)] [[code](https://github.com/btjhjeon/IMM_tensorflow)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Expert Gate: Lifelong Learning with a Network of Experts (**CVPR2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.06194)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Encoder Based Lifelong Learning (**ICCV2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.01920)] 

### 2016
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning without forgetting (**ECCV2016**) [[paper](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-46493-0_37)] [[code](https://github.com/lizhitwo/LearningWithoutForgetting)]

## [Awesome Long-Tailed Recognition / Imbalanced Learning](https://github.com/xialeiliu/Awesome-LongTailed-Recognition)
#### Find it interesting that there are more shared techniques than I thought for incremental learning (exemplars-based). 

## ContinualAI wiki
#### [An Open Community of Researchers and Enthusiasts on Continual/Lifelong Learning for AI](https://www.continualai.org/)

## Workshops
#### [4th Lifelong Learning Workshop at ICML 2020](https://lifelongml.github.io/)
#### [Workshop on Continual Learning at ICML 2020](https://icml.cc/Conferences/2020/Schedule?showEvent=5743)
#### [Continual Learning in Computer Vision Workshop CVPR 2020](https://sites.google.com/view/clvision2020/overview)
#### [Continual learning workshop NeurIPS 2018](https://sites.google.com/view/continual2018/home?authuser=0)

## Challenges or Competitions
#### [Lifelong Robotic Vision Challenge IROS 2019](https://lifelong-robotic-vision.github.io)
#### [Continual Learning in Computer Vision Challenge CVPR 2020](https://sites.google.com/view/clvision2020/challenge?authuser=0)

## Feel free to contact me if you find any interesting paper is missing.
## Workshop papers are currently out due to space.

Commit message:

Update README.md (#26)
Another CL paper in ECML-PKDD2020

README.md, after:

# Awesome Incremental Learning / Lifelong learning
## Survey
- <a name="todo"></a> Class-incremental learning: survey and performance evaluation (**arXiv 2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.15277)]
- <a name="todo"></a> A Comprehensive Study of Class Incremental Learning Algorithms for Visual Tasks (**arXiv 2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01844.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual learning: A comparative study on how
to defy forgetting in classification tasks (**arXiv 2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08383.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Lifelong Learning with Neural Networks: A Review
 (**Neural Networks**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.07569)]
## Papers
### 2020
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning for Natural Language Generation in Task-oriented Dialog Systems(**EMNLP, 2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.00910)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning of a Mixed Sequence of Similar and Dissimilar Tasks (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2020/file/d7488039246a405baf6a7cbc3613a56f-Paper.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/ZixuanKe/CAT)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Meta-Consolidation for Continual Learning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.00352?context=cs)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Understanding the Role of Training Regimes in Continual Learning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06958.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning with Node-Importance based Adaptive Group Sparse Regularization (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.13726.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Online Fast Adaptation and Knowledge Accumulation (OSAKA): a New Approach to Continual Learning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05856.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Coresets via Bilevel Optimization for Continual Learning and Streaming (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03875.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> RATT: Recurrent Attention to Transient Tasks for Continual Image Captioning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06271.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Deep Learning by Functional Regularisation of Memorable Past (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.14070.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Dark Experience for General Continual Learning: a Strong, Simple Baseline (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.07211.pdf)]  [[code](https://github.com/aimagelab/mammoth)]
- <a name="todo"></a> GAN Memory with No Forgetting (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.07543.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Calibrating CNNs for Lifelong Learning (**NeurIPS2020**) [[paper](http://people.ee.duke.edu/~lcarin/Final_Calibration_Incremental_Learning_NeurIPS_2020.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> ADER: Adaptively Distilled Exemplar Replay Towards Continual Learning for Session-based Recommendation(**RecSys, 2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.12000)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Initial Classifier Weights Replay for Memoryless Class Incremental Learning (**BMVC2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13710.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Adversarial Continual Learning (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.09553)]  [[code](https://github.com/facebookresearch/Adversarial-Continual-Learning)]
- <a name="todo"></a> REMIND Your Neural Network to Prevent Catastrophic Forgetting (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123530460.pdf)]  [[code](https://github.com/tyler-hayes/REMIND)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Meta-Learning via Indirect Discriminant Alignment (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.04162)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Memory-Efficient Incremental Learning Through Feature Adaptation (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.00713)]
- <a name="todo"></a> PODNet: Pooled Outputs Distillation for Small-Tasks Incremental Learning (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.13513)] [[code](https://github.com/arthurdouillard/incremental_learning.pytorch)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Reparameterizing Convolutions for Incremental Multi-Task Learning Without Task Interference (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.12540)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning latent representions across multiple data domains using Lifelong VAEGAN (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.10221)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Online Continual Learning under Extreme Memory Constraints    (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.01510)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Class-Incremental Domain Adaptation (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.01389)]
- <a name="todo"></a> More Classifiers, Less Forgetting: A Generic Multi-classifier Paradigm for Incremental Learning (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](http://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123710698.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Piggyback GAN: Efficient Lifelong Learning for Image Conditioned Generation (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](https://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123660392.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> GDumb: A Simple Approach that Questions Our Progress in Continual Learning     (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~tvg/publications/2020/gdumb.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Imbalanced Continual Learning with Partitioning Reservoir Sampling     (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](http://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123580409.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Topology-Preserving Class-Incremental Learning (**ECCV2020**) [[paper](http://www.ecva.net/papers/eccv_2020/papers_ECCV/papers/123640256.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> GraphSAIL: Graph Structure Aware Incremental Learning for Recommender Systems (**CIKM2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.13517)]
- <a name="todo"></a> OvA-INN: Continual Learning with Invertible Neural Networks (**IJCNN2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.13772)]
- <a name="todo"></a> XtarNet: Learning to Extract Task-Adaptive Representation
for Incremental Few-Shot Learning (**ICLM2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08561.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Optimal Continual Learning has Perfect Memory and is NP-HARD (**ICML2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05188.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Neural Topic Modeling with Continual Lifelong Learning (**ICML2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.10909.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning with Knowledge Transfer for Sentiment Classification (**ECML-PKDD2020**) [[paper](https://www.cs.uic.edu/~liub/publications/ECML-PKDD-2020.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/ZixuanKe/LifelongSentClass)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Semantic Drift Compensation for Class-Incremental Learning (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00440.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/yulu0724/SDC-IL)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.10956.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Modeling the Background for Incremental Learning in Semantic Segmentation (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00718.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Few-Shot Object Detection (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04668.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Learning In Online Scenario (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.13191.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Maintaining Discrimination and Fairness in Class Incremental Learning (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07053.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Conditional Channel Gated Networks for Task-Aware Continual Learning (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00070.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning with Extended Kronecker-factored Approximate Curvature
 (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07507)]
- <a name="todo"></a> iTAML : An Incremental Task-Agnostic Meta-learning Approach (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.11652.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/brjathu/iTAML)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Mnemonics Training: Multi-Class Incremental Learning without Forgetting (**CVPR2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10211.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/yaoyao-liu/mnemonics)]
- <a name="todo"></a> ScaIL: Classifier Weights Scaling for Class Incremental Learning (**WACV2020**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.05755)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Accepted papers(**ICLR2020**) [[paper](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17s5Y8N9dypH-59tuwKaCp80NYBxTmtT6V-zOFlsH-SA/edit?usp=sharing)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Brain-inspired replay for continual learning with artificial neural networks (**Natrue Communications 2020**) [[paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-17866-2)] [[code](https://github.com/GMvandeVen/brain-inspired-replay)]
### 2019
- <a name="todo"></a> Compacting, Picking and Growing for Unforgetting Continual Learning (**NeurIPS2019**)[[paper](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/9518-compacting-picking-and-growing-for-unforgetting-continual-learning.pdf)][[code](https://github.com/ivclab/CPG)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Increasingly Packing Multiple Facial-Informatics Modules in A Unified Deep-Learning Model via Lifelong Learning (**ICMR2019**) [[paper](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3323873.3325053)][[code](https://github.com/ivclab/PAE)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Towards Training Recurrent Neural Networks for Lifelong Learning (**Neural Computation 2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.07017.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> IL2M: Class Incremental Learning With Dual Memory
 (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ICCV_2019/papers/Belouadah_IL2M_Class_Incremental_Learning_With_Dual_Memory_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Learning Using Conditional Adversarial Networks
 (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ICCV_2019/html/Xiang_Incremental_Learning_Using_Conditional_Adversarial_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.html)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Adaptive Deep Models for Incremental Learning: Considering Capacity Scalability and Sustainability (**KDD2019**) [[paper](http://www.lamda.nju.edu.cn/yangy/KDD19.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Random Path Selection for Incremental Learning (**NeurIPS2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01120.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Online Continual Learning with Maximal Interfered Retrieval (**NeurIPS2019**) [[paper](http://papers.neurips.cc/paper/9357-online-continual-learning-with-maximal-interfered-retrieval)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting with Unlabeled Data in the Wild (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12648.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning by Asymmetric Loss Approximation
with Single-Side Overestimation (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02984.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Lifelong GAN: Continual Learning for Conditional Image Generation (**ICCV2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10107.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual learning of context-dependent processing in neural networks (**Nature Machine Intelligence 2019**) [[paper](https://rdcu.be/bOaa3)] [[code](https://github.com/beijixiong3510/OWM)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Large Scale Incremental Learning (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.13260)] [[code](https://github.com/wuyuebupt/LargeScaleIncrementalLearning)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning a Unified Classifier Incrementally via Rebalancing (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Hou_Learning_a_Unified_Classifier_Incrementally_via_Rebalancing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/hshustc/CVPR19_Incremental_Learning)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning Without Memorizing (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08051.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning to Remember: A Synaptic Plasticity Driven Framework for Continual Learning (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.03137)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Task-Free Continual Learning (**CVPR2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.03596.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learn to Grow: A Continual Structure Learning Framework for Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting (**ICML2019**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.00310)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Efficient Lifelong Learning with A-GEM (**ICLR2019**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=Hkf2_sC5FX)] [[code](https://github.com/facebookresearch/agem)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning to Learn without Forgetting By Maximizing Transfer and Minimizing Interference (**ICLR2019**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=B1gTShAct7)] [[code](https://github.com/mattriemer/mer)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting via Model Adaptation (**ICLR2019**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=ryGvcoA5YX)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> A comprehensive, application-oriented study of catastrophic forgetting in DNNs (**ICLR2019**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=BkloRs0qK7)] 

### 2018
- <a name="todo"></a> Memory Replay GANs: learning to generate images from new categories without forgetting
 (**NIPS2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1809.02058)] [[code](https://github.com/WuChenshen/MeRGAN)]
 - <a name="todo"></a> Reinforced Continual Learning (**NIPS2018**) [[paper](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/7369-reinforced-continual-learning.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/xujinfan/Reinforced-Continual-Learning)]
 - <a name="todo"></a> Online Structured Laplace Approximations for Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting (**NIPS2018**) [[paper](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/7631-online-structured-laplace-approximations-for-overcoming-catastrophic-forgetting.pdf)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Rotate your Networks: Better Weight Consolidation and Less Catastrophic Forgetting (R-EWC) (**ICPR2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.02950)] [[code](https://github.com/xialeiliu/RotateNetworks)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Exemplar-Supported Generative Reproduction for Class Incremental Learning  (**BMVC2018**) [[paper](http://bmvc2018.org/contents/papers/0325.pdf)] [[code](https://github.com/TonyPod/ESGR)]
- <a name="todo"></a> End-to-End Incremental Learning (**ECCV2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.09536)][[code](https://github.com/fmcp/EndToEndIncrementalLearning)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Riemannian Walk for Incremental Learning: Understanding Forgetting and Intransigence (**ECCV2018**)[[paper](http://arxiv-export-lb.library.cornell.edu/abs/1801.10112)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Piggyback: Adapting a Single Network to Multiple Tasks by Learning to Mask Weights (**ECCV2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.06519)] [[code](https://github.com/arunmallya/piggyback)]
 - <a name="todo"></a> Memory Aware Synapses: Learning what (not) to forget (**ECCV2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.09601)] [[code](https://github.com/rahafaljundi/MAS-Memory-Aware-Synapses)]
  - <a name="todo"></a> Lifelong Learning via Progressive Distillation and Retrospection (**ECCV2018**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ECCV_2018/papers/Saihui_Hou_Progressive_Lifelong_Learning_ECCV_2018_paper.pdf)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> PackNet: Adding Multiple Tasks to a Single Network by Iterative Pruning (**CVPR2018**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.05769)] [[code](https://github.com/arunmallya/packnet)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting with Hard Attention to the Task (**ICML2018**) [[paper](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v80/serra18a.html)] [[code](https://github.com/joansj/hat)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Lifelong Learning with Dynamically Expandable Networks (**ICLR2018**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=Sk7KsfW0-)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> FearNet: Brain-Inspired Model for Incremental Learning (**ICLR2018**) [[paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=SJ1Xmf-Rb)] 

### 2017
- <a name="todo"></a> Incremental Learning of Object Detectors Without Catastrophic Forgetting
 (**ICCV2017**) [[paper](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_iccv_2017/html/Shmelkov_Incremental_Learning_of_ICCV_2017_paper.html)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks (EWC) (**PNAS2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.00796)] [[code](https://github.com/ariseff/overcoming-catastrophic)] [[code](https://github.com/stokesj/EWC)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning Through Synaptic Intelligence (**ICML2017**) [[paper](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v70/zenke17a.html)] [[code](https://github.com/ganguli-lab/pathint)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Gradient Episodic Memory for Continual Learning (**NIPS2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.08840)] [[code](https://github.com/facebookresearch/GradientEpisodicMemory)]
- <a name="todo"></a> iCaRL: Incremental Classifier and Representation Learning (**CVPR2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.07725)] [[code](https://github.com/srebuffi/iCaRL)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Continual Learning with Deep Generative Replay (**NIPS2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1705.08690)] [[code](https://github.com/kuc2477/pytorch-deep-generative-replay)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting by Incremental Moment Matching (**NIPS2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.08475)] [[code](https://github.com/btjhjeon/IMM_tensorflow)]
- <a name="todo"></a> Expert Gate: Lifelong Learning with a Network of Experts (**CVPR2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.06194)] 
- <a name="todo"></a> Encoder Based Lifelong Learning (**ICCV2017**) [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.01920)] 

### 2016
- <a name="todo"></a> Learning without forgetting (**ECCV2016**) [[paper](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-46493-0_37)] [[code](https://github.com/lizhitwo/LearningWithoutForgetting)]

## [Awesome Long-Tailed Recognition / Imbalanced Learning](https://github.com/xialeiliu/Awesome-LongTailed-Recognition)
#### Find it interesting that there are more shared techniques than I thought for incremental learning (exemplars-based). 

## ContinualAI wiki
#### [An Open Community of Researchers and Enthusiasts on Continual/Lifelong Learning for AI](https://www.continualai.org/)

## Workshops
#### [4th Lifelong Learning Workshop at ICML 2020](https://lifelongml.github.io/)
#### [Workshop on Continual Learning at ICML 2020](https://icml.cc/Conferences/2020/Schedule?showEvent=5743)
#### [Continual Learning in Computer Vision Workshop CVPR 2020](https://sites.google.com/view/clvision2020/overview)
#### [Continual learning workshop NeurIPS 2018](https://sites.google.com/view/continual2018/home?authuser=0)

## Challenges or Competitions
#### [Lifelong Robotic Vision Challenge IROS 2019](https://lifelong-robotic-vision.github.io)
#### [Continual Learning in Computer Vision Challenge CVPR 2020](https://sites.google.com/view/clvision2020/challenge?authuser=0)

## Feel free to contact me if you find any interesting paper is missing.
## Workshop papers are currently out due to space.
